<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>ch001.xhtml</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="chap:foreword" class="level1 unnumbered">
<h1 class="unnumbered">Foreword</h1>
<p>This document contains the collected scribe notes created by the students of my course titled "Attacks on Secure Implementations", given in Ben-Gurion University during Spring 2019.</p>
<p>The following students contributed to the writing process:</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 1: Introduction.</strong> Transcription by Michal Hershkoviz, graphics by Shir Frumerman, editing by Yoni Tsionov.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 2: Temporal Side-Channels 1.</strong> Transcription by Sagi Nakash, graphics by Ziv Tomarov, editing by Shaked Delarea.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 3: Temporal Side-Channels 2.</strong> Transcription by Itay Rosh, graphics by Noga Agmon, editing by Boris Kazarski.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 4: Low Data Complexity Power/EM 1.</strong> Transcription by Ronen Haber and Rotem Yoeli, graphics by Idan Mosseri, editing by Ben Hasson.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 5: Low Data Complexity Power/EM 2.</strong> Transcription by Barak Davidovich, graphics by Dan Dvorin, editing by Omri Fichman. Section about Template Attacks written by Adnan Jaber.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 6: High Data Complexity Power/EM 1.</strong> Transcription by Vitaly Dyadyuk, graphics by Alon Freund, editing by Omer Nizri.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 7: Cache Attacks (Guest Lecture by Prof. Clémentine Maurice).</strong> Transcription by Ben Amos, graphics by Arbel Levy, editing by Yaniv Agman.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 8: High Data Complexity Power/EM 2.</strong> Transcription by Rom Ogen, graphics by Shai Cohen and Tomer Gluck, editing by Adi Farshteindiker.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 9: Fault Attacks.</strong> Transcription by Dan Arad, graphics by Dorel Yaffe, editing by Iliya Fayans.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Chapter 10: Ethics and Responsible Disclosure.</strong> Transcription by Ron Korine, graphics by Daniel Portnoy, editing by Roy Radian..</p></li>
</ul>
<p>The text for chapters 1 to 5 is based on lecture notes in Hebrew originally created by Yael Mathov. Tom Mahler was responsible for creating the chapter templates and masterminding the entire editing process. I am grateful to them and to everybody who contributed to this document.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>
